# Traffic-Flow-SDCC
## What is it?
The main focus in this repo is on this dataset https://data.gov.ie/dataset/traffic-flow-data-jan-to-june-2022-sdcc1. This is a dataset from South Dublin County Council that measures traffic at a number of junctions in Dublin in terms of traffic flow and traffic congestion during January to June of 2022. It is a niche dataset and as far as I could see no one else online had tried doing any analysis on this data.
Despite there being many datasets available on websites such as Kaggle, I chose this dataset because I wanted to work with data that is truly unclean and unpredictable as would be seen in industry. I didn't want there to be any sample notebooks I could go look at to make sure what I was doing was correct or optimal. Instead I wanted to apply the data science techniques I have seen in Kaggle for example and other data science resources to this dataset. I find working with a unique dataset like this is more interesting over popular datasets where lots of analysis has already been done (and by people with lots more experience than me) as I am the one truly making insights from it. 
Another key aspect of this repo is the wide variety of data science and machine learning techniques I have applied here while only using the traffic flow dataset as a base. I wanted to show the wide variety of how data science and machine learning can be used as well as learning and displaying my skills across this wide variety of areas. This repo contains work on data cleaning, data source integration, regression, classification, unsupervised machine learning 
